changelog: add 9.0.8 and 9.0.7 release notes (#18861)
elastic/apm-server: docs/release-notes/index.md

* Fix setting `event.dataset` to `data_stream.dataset` if `event.dataset` is empty, to have `event.dataset` in every `logs-*` data stream ([#129074](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/129074))
* Fix missing trusted root certificate authority in the docker image ([#16928](https://github.com/elastic/apm-server/pull/16928))

## 9.0.8 [elastic-apm-9.0.8-release-notes]

> * APM Integration on ECH or ECE uses recommended frozen values for infrastructure related configs. See the https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/234384[Kibana PR #234384].

Reviewer: Incorrect md formatting, PR link
```suggestion
* APM Integration on ECH or ECE uses recommended frozen values for infrastructure related configs [kibana#235306](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/235306).
```
